
    Tile Arranger

    This window, 24x16 tiles in size and with its own definable palette, is
    shared among all open ROMs. Its main duty is to let you piece together
    individual tiles in a fashion that makes them easier to see & edit:
    Often tiles in ROMs are scattered in a way that makes them hard to
    edit directly from ROM. For example, if 4 tiles are stored directly
    next to each other in the ROM, forming a 4x1 grid, but are supposed to
    form a 2x2 tile grid when you're playing the game, you can use the Tile
    Arranger to line them up in such a manner.

    Transfering tiles to the Arranger:

    There are two ways to do this. One is to drag a tile from the ROM window
    (with left mouse button) onto the arranger, and drop it at the position
    where you want it. The second way is to select the tile from the ROM with
    the left mouse button, then click right mouse button at the desired position
    in the Arranger window.

    Once the tile has been transfered to the Arranger, you can edit it just
    like you would edit a tile directly from ROM: Left-click on the tile,
    then use the Tile Editor to manipulate it.

    Important to understand:

    When you place a tile on the Arranger, you are NOT placing a physical copy
    of the tile there. The Arranger doesn't really contain any graphics data at
    all; only memory addresses to the tiles that are on it. That is, when you
    edit the tile from the Arranger, the changes will take affect in the ROM
    immediately. Also, if you place more than one instance of the same tile on
    the Arranger, ALL instances will be updated when you draw on the tile;
    this is logical, because they all share the same tile data in ROM.

    (Note to old Tile Layer DOS users: The Tile Arranger is a relative of the
    Clipboard, but does not function the same way. Tile Layer DOS copied the
    actual tile data to the clipboard, while Tile Layer Pro copies only the
    memory address of the tile. I implemented it this way because I think this
    is MUCH better. Now you don't have to worry about forgetting to put the
    tiles back in ROM after editing them (grrr... if I had a penny for every
    time I did just that), and you don't have to figure out just where the heck
    that tile really belongs either.)

    When you close a ROM, any tiles belonging to that ROM will be removed from
    the Tile Arranger. (Logical yet again, since the memory associated with the
    Arranger's tile pointers is no longer valid.)
