
    Palettes

    Working with the palette should be pretty straightforward. Below is an
    image of the palette editor, with a description of what each part does.

    Each ROM loaded has its own customizable palette, with separate properties.
    What palette is viewable/editable at one time depends on which ROM is
    currently active. When you switch to another ROM window, the palette of
    the new window is automatically loaded into the Palette Editor.

    Use left mouse button to select a foreground color from the current palette,
    right button to select background color.

    The number of available colors depends on the bitdepth of the tile that
    is being edited; 1-bit = 2 colors, 2-bit = 4 colors and so on.

    Manipulate the Red, Green and Blue component of the current foreground color
    by moving the respective colorbars, or by typing the values directly in the
    accompanying textboxes.

    Double-clicking on a palette entry lets you specify the color through the
    standard Windows Color Dialog, just in case TLP's amazingly complex
    colorbars and textboxes have you confused.

    Tile Layer Pro uses a proprietary palette format, with the extension
    .TPL. It can store up to 256 colors in the following formats: RGB, NES
    and SNES/GBC. This means you can store several 4-color/16-color palettes
    in the same palette file. The Up/Down buttons in the palette editor
    lets you cycle through all the available palettes. This is convenient if
    you're editing a file that uses several different palettes, and don't want
    to manage 50 different palette files; you can store them all in one file
    and easily switch between individual palettes.

    When you load a ROM, TLP will automatically try to load a palette with
    the same filename as the ROM, but with the extension .TPL. (Also, when you
    save a palette, this is the default filename unless you specify a
    different one from the Save Palette As dialog.) If TLP can't locate the
    palette, a built-in default 256-color palette will be loaded instead.

    Specifying the format of the palette is done from the Palette->Format
    menu. The format ONLY affects how the palette is stored when it's saved
    to disk; not how it is edited in the Palette Editor. A description of each
    format follows:

    RGB: 
    Full 8 bits of Red, Green and Blue components are stored.
    3 bytes per palette entry.

    SNES/GBC:
    5 bits of each component are stored, in the following format:
    %0bbbbbgg %gggrrrrr (stored low byte first in file.)
    2 bytes per palette entry.

    NES:
    Each entry in the palette is stored as the 6-bit NES color that
    best matches the R,G,B components of the color.
    1 bytes per palette entry.

    Conversion between the formats is automatic; say you have a palette in
    NES format and suddenly want to convert it to f.ex. RGB, then all you
    have to do is select Palette->Format->RGB, and save the palette.

    You can also specify the number of colors that your palette file actually
    uses. Maybe you're only using the first 16 colors; then it would be
    unforgiveable to store 256 entries, right? Select the proper setting
    from the Palette->Entries menu.
